Add `osu!gaming CTF 2025` news post (#13855)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2025/2025-10-20-osugaming-ctf-2025-registrations-now-open.md

## Interesting, but where does osu! come in?

While traditional CTFs feature standard cybersecurity challenges, **every challenge in this event is themed around osu! and/or popular rhythm games**! In addition to the categories mentioned above, we add two more:

- Challenges with the tag **osu!** involve knowledge of the game's ecosystems or interaction with its components.
- Challenges with the tag **rhythm** involve knowledge of other popular (or not so popular) rhythm games or interaction with their game components.

These are the categories where rhythm gamers have the advantage! This means you can definitely gain points just with osu! players in your team, but you'll learn a lot more from each other if your team has expertise from many different areas.

Also, note that none of the solutions involve interacting with online systems (unless they're created by us!), such as public chat/forums or game/website infrastructure, meaning you can use that to narrow down your search... but that's it for general tips! The [event website](https://osugaming.sekai.team/) will contain all the challenges and information you need to get started.

## Competition details

> The competition spans 48 hours with registration open throughout the entire event — sign up anytime before or during the competition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The whole thing spans 48 hours with registration always open — sign up anytime before or during the event:
```
